feat: Refactor docs, add new images and instructions (#140)
Project-Babble/BabbleDocs: docs/babbleofficaltracker/babbleofficaltracker.mdx

### Hardware Setup

**Assemble your tracker**

1. Follow this video for how to assemble your tracker: [Unboxing and Assembling your Babble Tracker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPRabTew0KU)  
   As a quick reference sheet, this is how it should be assembled.

![Screw Placement](@site/static/img/screw_placement_diagram.jpg)

**Plug your tracker into your PC**

1. Connect using the USB port on your tracker.
1. Make sure the switch is in the "ON" position, as seen below.
1. A bright green/red light should appear on the back of the tracker.
1. You should hear a standard USB connection sound on your PC when properly connected.
1. The tracker will take about 20 seconds to boot upon receiving power.

![ON/OFF Switch Position](@site/static/img/on_off_diagram.jpg)

### Software Setup

#### Windows

    - [Install Baballonia from Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/4091970/Project_Babble_Baballonia/)
    - Alternatively, Get the latest version from our [Github](https://github.com/Project-Babble/Baballonia/releases/latest). Download the installer and run it.

#### macOS/Linux

    - Currently, we do not offer installers for these platforms. You will need to build these from source.

>     - For assistance building Babble Avalonia on these platforms, please contact us in our discord server.

Author: Let's condense this:

```suggestion
    - For assistance building Baballonia on these platforms, please contact us in our discord server.
```
